     In the beginning the Dominion was nothing, there was only
darkness.  In this darkness a mighty being coalesced, it's name
was Glasgian.  Glasgian, alone in this void, became bored and
wretched.  It waited and watched but nothing else coalesced,
there was nothing to coalesce, it was all that existed.  So it
set aside a piece within its great folds, this action severely
weakened itself.  When it had regained it's strength it shaped
the piece into a multitude of small worlds.  For each group of
these small worlds he chose the largest world and caused it to
ignite, thus providing light to the other worlds in its group. 
This, too, weakened it, and thus it rested.  When it regained its
strength it blasted apart the rock on some of these worlds,
creating great canyons, mountains, and caverns.
     Though it had created a multitude of such lovely worlds, it
was still lonely and unhappy, frustrated it began to sob and cry
covering several of these worlds with a clear blue liquid, which
settled in the deepest of the caverns and canyons.  When the
being had regained its composure it decided that it would create
others in its likeness to make it happy.  So it breathed life
into the worlds, and they became lush and green, populated with
various types of animals and plants.  It chose one such type of
animal to be made in its likeness, and bestowed upon that animal
the gift if reason and self-awareness.  Then the great creator,
Glasgian, was finally happy.  It looked inside itself at the
multitude of worlds it had created and was content.  It waited,
and watched, never interfering in the lives of its creations. 
Sometimes it was in awe of what it had created, at others it was
angry.
     After a millennia of watching it became frustrated at its
creation, it was not turning out the way it had intended.  In its
creation it was a constant state of war among its most treasured
creations.  There was no place for industry; because the fruit
thereof was uncertain; and consequently no culture of the
Dominion; no navigation; no commodious building; no instruments
of moving, and removing such things as require much force; no
knowledge of the face of the Dominion; no account of time; no
arts; no letters; no society; and which was worst of all,
continual fear, and danger of violent death; And the life of its
most valued creation, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.
     This was nothing like what Glasgian had envisioned.  With
all of its energy it imposed knowledge on its creation, it drew
them toward order and society, its creation began to feel a need
for companionship among themselves.  Thus this was the time of
the rise of the great cities of the Dominion.  The multitudes
realized the error of their ways and repented unto their creator. 
They gathered at the newly formed cities, and agreed to give up
their unlimited rights, in the hopes of gaining better
protection, under their leaders.  Upon these leaders, Glasgian
bestowed the greatest of honors and wisdom, it provided them with
the understanding of what is right and just, and how best to keep
order among the rest of Glasgian's creation.
     Yet, this act was more than Glasgian could take.  It knew it
was dying and could do nothing to stop it, so it protected its
creation by removing it from itself, and then divided itself into
8 equal parts (keeping one large part separate), which it made in
the fullness of itself. These were to be the great gods of the
Dominion, they were entrusted by the creator to watch over, and
protect its creation.
     The last part of Glasgian was severely weakened at this
time, and as such, all it could do was watch.  It saw how its
creation had evolved, how the leaders it had blessed kept order
among the masses, and eachother.  It also watched how the other
gods that it had created were becoming bored with the worlds it
had made.  It stood by idly as the other gods rose up and began
to wreck havoc on its creation.  They tempted the people, causing
rifts to grow between them.  Some gods wanted the people to be
driven restlessly by power over others, other gods wanted the
people to act justly and righteously, never swaying from the path
of good, while the remainder of the gods, decided not to take a
stance on either side, and have their followers remain neutral
throughout the strife.
     Glasgian was thrown into a mad rage at the misuse of his
power and destruction of his creation.  With its last bit of
energy it created the most powerful of the known gods, and named
him after itself.  This newest of its creations ended-up causing
the destruction of the original.  Yet, the new Glasgian, though
much less powerful, was still more powerful than the other gods. 
Glasgian went into the ranks of the other gods and showed them
the error of their ways, but they would not yield, so Glasgian
involved himself in the affairs of the people and was realized to
be the one true god, above all others.  He calmed the people and
brought order back into the Dominion, but the people still had
ties to the other gods, which determined their actions.  The
Dominion was no longer a war of all against all, but rather a
place of order in groups, and war outside.
     This is the world which you are about to enter into.  You
will find safe refuge in the many cities of the Dominion, yet
outside of these islands the lesser gods will vie for your
alliance.  But remember the words of Glasgian, and be true to
yourself, and search for order and justice at all costs.

