This is the immortal handbook.                 

	* Please stay out of mortal affairs unless it is a problem
	  with the actual itself.  In other words, Butthead doesnt
	  like Beavis and so he kills him.  Do not go down there and
	  tell them to stop fighting etc.  Stay invisible and do not
	  chit chat with the mortals.

	* It is now LEGAL to have a mortal but it must be played with
	  the exact same abilites as any other mortal char.  You are
	  subject to the same laws and rules and any infringement
	  upon these rules will result in an immediate deletetion
	  of your mortal character.

	* Aiding mortals for GOOD, no GREAT, reasons is allowed, but you must
	  be able to support those actions.  The only form of aid you may
	  administer in this case is retore, teleport, transport, and 
	  reroll (though repeatingly rerolling PC's or transporting them from
	  area to area is considered an abuse of your power).

	* Until the editors have been sufficiently fixed, please do not use
	  them without the consent of a Supremacy or Higher Immortal.

	* We provide this place a FREE SERVICE, we do not OWE players 
	  ANYTHING, so if they get out of line make sure they know this.
	  Do not let players demand anything from you, refuse to deal 
	  with them if they are whining, do not let them threaten you, 
	  and above all do not let them be disrespectful to you (and 
	  don't let Kirahn be disrespectful to you either).

	* If you are going away and will not be able to log into TD for 
	  more than a week please notify either Glasgian or Kirahn, 
	  and/or post it on the Immortal Board.
	
	* If you wish to build, notify Garou (he is in charge of the world).

	* If you will be leaving TD forever, and we don't know about it
	  please let one of us know (i.e. see above - this does fall 
	  under leaving for more than a week).  Or, if you will be 
	  leaving for an extended period of itme (i.e. more than 1 month)
	  then also please notify one of us or post it to the board.

	Thats it for now...hopefully i answered atleast something....

	- Kirahn          1/29/96

	Edited for content and grammer by Glasgian 9/01/96
