
T   H   E      D   O   M   I   N   I   O   N      P   O   L   I   C   I   E   S


	1. First Rule: HAVE FUN!  This is a GAME remember that, please
	   do not get so involved that you lose your job, friends, life,
	   etc.  And also don't take it so hard if you happen to die or
	   hit a dt while carring that wand of infinatly killing blades
	   of insta-death (or something like that).

	2. Player Killing is allowed, but be warned, the help files at
	   this time are NOT up to date.  You can be flagged for PKilling
	   as well as PThieving.  You will get flagged if you Pk or Pt in
	   a city, or another area that is defined as no a pk/pt area.  So
	   be careful!  Once you get a flag you're fair game ANYWHERE.  Also
	   I would try and player kill a (newbie) anywhere - it can be
	   detrimental to your health.

	3. Multikilling is illegal.  You will have to time how long
	   you can pkill the same person by yourself.  Give it approx. 
	   15 minutes before you go back and attack that player.  If
	   you are a witness to a multikilling or are multikilled,
	   notify the gods immediatly whether by email, mudmail, or tell,
	   it is your responsibility to notify them.  For more information
	   see: 'help multikilling'.

	4. We frown on corpse looting and player stealing, but if you
	   do, not much will happen to you (except maybe the person
	   you stole from getting together his 30th level budies to
	   come whip your ass several times).

	5. All descisions made by a God of level GR. GOD or higher are final.
	   These people are my most trusted associates and we will not
	   contradict eachother.

	6. Quest decisions are subject to change, as they may be run by
	   low-level Gods who don't know a rat's ass from fairness.

	7. Gods are not to give out free equipment or levels to anyone,
	   for any reason.  If a player has a good reason than he must
	   talk to either Kirahn, Grendel or Glasgian, and we will decide.

         8. Multi-Playing by those who are level IMMORT or less, is not
	    permitted, sorry, but it is not fair to those players who are
	    not able to multi-play, and it increases net lag.  Multi-playing
	    is defined as:  Playing more than one character at the same time.
	    You are permitted to have more than one player in the database,
 	    but you may not use them at the same time.  If you are in violation
	    of this rule, one or both of your characters will be deleted.
       
	9. As new situations arise I will update this policy, until then,
	    this is what stands.

	10. It is ILLEGAL for immortals to have a mortal character for
	    playing purposes.  We feel this rule must be imposed so that 	
	    the world will stay in balance.  If you suspect a god of being
	    in violation of this rule, notify Kirahn via mudmail or tell if
	    he is online.  Do not shout, ooc, whatever tell everyone of
	    your suspicions...it will only make matters worse.

	11. And last but not least, we will not enforce this too much but,
	    please keep profanity on world wide channels to a minimum.  If
	    you are under the age of 18, it is suggested you have parental
	    supervision :) *snicker*.  If you have a serious problem with
	    another players language or something like that - take it up 
	    with an immortal.

					-- Glasgian
					   17 February 1995  
				
					-- Updated by Kirahn	
					   18 July, 1996
